
## How to use this Guide
This User Guide is split into various sections, and we advise you to read through this in sequential order!

If you have not downloaded `HMHero` feel free to head to the [Installation](#3-installation) section.

After installation, head on to the [Quick Reference](#quick-reference-guide) section to get an overview of `HMHero`. 
This includes:
* The [user interface]() of HMHero
* How each `Applicant` is represented
* HMHero's Command Format
* Trying out your very first HMHero command

For advanced users, feel free to refer to [Command Summary]() to get an overview the commands HMHero supports.

If you are stuck, head over to the [Troubleshooting]() section to get help.

You can also refer to [Glossary]() to familarise yourself with some commonly used terms in HMHero.

---

## Getting started


## 3. Installation

If you haven't installed [HMHero](https://github.com/AY2223S2-CS2103T-W14-4/tp), simply follow these steps to set it up:
1. Download and install [Java 11](https://docs.oracle.com/en/java/javase/11/install/overview-jdk-installation.html)
2. Download the latest `HMHero.jar` from our release page
3. Save the file to an empty folder. This will be your home folder for `HMHero`
4. Double-click on the jar file to launch `HMHero`

> 🚨 Note:
Remember to add `HMHero.jar` into an empty folder as additional data and configuration files will be created when launching `HMHero` first the first time!

> ⚠️Alert: A folder `data` which contains data for applicants will be created when running `HMHero.jar`. Do not edit this file directly unless you know what you are doing.

## Quick Reference Guide

### 4. How to make use of this guide?


---