---
layout: page
title: Edwin's Project Portfolio Page
---
# Project Portfolio Page for Edwin

### Project: AutoM8

AutoM8 is a **desktop app for an auto repair shop, optimized for use via a Command Line Interface** (CLI) while still having the benefits of a Graphical User Interface (GUI). If you can type fast, AutoM8 can get your auto repair shop management tasks done faster than traditional GUI apps.

Given below are my contributions to the project.

* **New Feature**: Added the ability to EditX
  * What it does: allows the user to edit X where X is for example Customer, Technician, Parts etc.
  * Justification: This feature allows the user to edit a particular feature when mistakes are made or to update it to the latest information.
  * Considerations: As AutoM8's delete functionality cascades to delete other related items, it is not feasible to add and delete repeatedly.

* **New Feature**: Added the ability to DeleteX
  * What it does: allows the user to delete X where X is for example Customer, Technician, Parts etc.
  * Justification: This feature allows the user to delete a particular feature when mistakes is made or to remove it from the list.
  * Consideration: In reality, CURD functionality, specifically D should not be used because legally speaking there may be a need to retrieve the information. But it is still added for completeness’ sake.


* **New Feature**: Assisted with creating ViewX
  * What it does: allows the user to view more information about X where X is for example Customer, Technician, Parts etc.
  * Justification: AutoM8 has listX to show the names of items and their related ID. Showing all information from list may be crowded, so list is to see the general ID and name, whereas view shows the complete information of that particular item.

* **Code contributed**: [RepoSense link](https://nus-cs2103-ay2223s2.github.io/tp-dashboard/?search=9fc70c892&sort=groupTitle&sortWithin=title&timeframe=commit&mergegroup=&groupSelect=groupByRepos&breakdown=true&checkedFileTypes=docs~functional-code~test-code~other&since=2023-02-17)


* **Enhancements to existing features**:
  * Updated ico (https://github.com/AY2223S2-CS2103-W17-4/tp/commit/2159f4e82d7e890299179eef6500d64450b18369).


* **Documentation**:
  * Developer Guide:
    * Added implementation details of the `delete` feature.


**Bugfixes**
  * [#63](https://github.com/AY2223S2-CS2103-W17-4/tp/issues/63)
  * [#146](https://github.com/AY2223S2-CS2103-W17-4/tp/pull/146)

* **Community**:
  * PRs reviewed (with non-trivial review comments): [\#70](https://github.com/AY2223S2-CS2103-W17-4/tp/pull/70)

