---
layout: page
title: nusE0726844s' Project Portfolio Page
---

### Project: VaccinationManagementSystem

The Vaccination Management System (VMS) is a Java desktop application used for **managing and keeping track of vaccination appointments**.
VMS is **optimised for users that can type fast and prefer Command Line Interface (CLI)**.
VMS has both CLI, for users to input commands, and a Graphical User Interface (GUI) created with JavaFX, that is used primarily to give visual feedback to the user.

Given below are my contributions to the project

* **New Feature**: Added an `Appointment` class to VMS
  * What it does: allows the users to **manage and keep track of vaccination appointments**.
* **New Feature**: Added basic CRUD commands for the `Appointment` class
  * What it does: allows the user to
    * C - add a new `Appointment` object to VMS.
    * R - list all existing `Appointment` object in VMS.
    * U - edit an existing `Appointment` object in VMS.
    * D - delete an existing `Appointment` object from VMS.
  * Justification: this feature enables users to **manage and keep track of vaccination appointments**.
* **New Feature**: Added find command for the `Appointment` class
  * What it does: allows the user to find existing `Appointment` objects in VMS that matches the specified keyword(s).
  * Justification: this feature enables users to better **manage and keep track of vaccination appointments**.
  * Highlights: this feature allows for optional flags to further specify the appointments to be displayed.
* **New Feature**: Added (un)mark commands for the `Appointment` class
  * What it does: allows the user to
    * mark existing `Appointment` objects in VMS as completed.
    * changes the status existing `Appointment` objects in VMS from completed to not completed.
  * Justification: this feature enables users to better **manage and keep track of vaccination appointments**.


* **Code contributed**: [RepoSense link](https://nus-cs2103-ay2223s2.github.io/tp-dashboard/?search=nuse0726844&breakdown=true)

* **Project management**:
  * Managed releases `v1.1` - `v1.5rc` (3 releases) on GitHub

* **Enhancements to existing features**:
  * Updated the GUI color scheme (Pull requests [\#33](), [\#34]())
  * Wrote additional tests for existing features to increase coverage from 88% to 92% (Pull requests [\#36](), [\#38]())

* **Documentation**:
  * User Guide:
    * Added documentation for the features `delete` and `find` [\#72]()
    * Did cosmetic tweaks to existing documentation of features `clear`, `exit`: [\#74]()
  * Developer Guide:
    * Added implementation details of the `delete` feature.

* **Community**:
  * PRs reviewed (with non-trivial review comments): [\#12](), [\#32](), [\#19](), [\#42]()
  * Contributed to forum discussions (examples: [1](), [2](), [3](), [4]())
  * Reported bugs and suggestions for other teams in the class (examples: [1](), [2](), [3]())
  * Some parts of the history feature I added was adopted by several other class mates ([1](), [2]())

* **Tools**:
  * Integrated a third party library (Natty) to the project ([\#42]())
  * Integrated a new Github plugin (CircleCI) to the team repo

* _{you can add/remove categories in the list above}_
