---
layout: page
title: Saha Manasij's Project Portfolio Page
---

### Project: AddressBook Level 3

ConnectUS is a CLI based **contact management desktop application** for your everyday needs. This application is specifically tailor made for NUS SOC students. ConnectUs allows you to maintain a record of each and every person you have met with the option to add further details making it easier for NUS students to socialize.

You can check my reposense [here](https://nus-cs2103-ay2223s2.github.io/tp-dashboard/?search=saha&sort=groupTitle&sortWithin=title&timeframe=commit&mergegroup=&groupSelect=groupByRepos&breakdown=true&checkedFileTypes=docs~functional-code~test-code~other&since=2023-02-17&tabOpen=true&tabType=authorship&tabAuthor=Saha9616&tabRepo=AY2223S2-CS2103T-W15-1%2Ftp%5Bmaster%5D&authorshipIsMergeGroup=false&authorshipFileTypes=docs~functional-code~test-code&authorshipIsBinaryFileTypeChecked=false&authorshipIsIgnoredFilesChecked=false)
* Given below are my contributions to the project.

* **New Feature**: Added CCA tags with support for CCA Position.
  * Purpose : enables users to add CCAs for their contacts with an option to add CCA positions as well
  * Justification : Addition of this feature makes the application more tailor made towards NUS students.
  * Highlights : Since it was a new field it needed changes in all fields from Logic to Storage to Model and Ui. Earlier I had implemented CCA and CCA position as 2 different classes however it was quite cumbersome and ineffective to link them. Finally I decided to handle CCA Positions in CCA itself differentiation the 2 fields with a #. I had to change the regex and storage to handle this unique tag.
  * Credits : While in the beginning i had implemented it on the basis of the original tag field, I had to make changes when I chose to combine with CCA Position.
  * Related Pull requests : [\#99](https://github.com/AY2223S2-CS2103T-W15-1/tp/pull/99) [\#141](https://github.com/AY2223S2-CS2103T-W15-1/tp/pull/141)

* **New Feature**: Added Major tag
  * Purpose : enables users to add Majors for their contacts so that people can view people from their own majors.
  * Justification : Addition of this feature makes the application more tailor made towards NUS students.
  * Highlights : It was easy to implement this feature as i had to refactor the earlier unused CCA Position tag. However a user could only have a maximum of 2 majors, hence I had to make changes in Parser and Storage to account for those changes. There were a few bugs regarding the implementation of this feature which fortunately weren't reported in PED, I fixed them in V1.4 .
  * Credits : Credits to me for implementing CCA Position : ) .
  * Related Pull requests : [\#151](https://github.com/AY2223S2-CS2103T-W15-1/tp/pull/151)


* **Enhancements to existing features**:
  * Updated the add-t feature to support major and CCA tags
  

* **Documentation**:
  * User Guide:
    * Added relevant stories to Userguide for CCA and CCA Position
    * Added documentation for CCA and Major tags : [\#153](https://github.com/AY2223S2-CS2103T-W15-1/tp/pull/153)
    * Reviewed documentation of other members and gave suggestions
  * Developer Guide:
    * pointed out and made corrections for 2 UML diagram [\#244](https://github.com/AY2223S2-CS2103T-W15-1/tp/pull/244)

* **Community**:
  * PRs reviewed: Reviewed various PRs for team members : 
  * Reported bugs and suggestions for other teams during PE dry run: reported 9 bugs in total as [issues](https://github.com/Saha9616/ped/issues)

* **Bug Fixes**:
  * Reviewed the bugs with my teammates.
  * Fixed detected bugs : [\#218](https://github.com/AY2223S2-CS2103T-W15-1/tp/pull/218)
  * Fixed undetected bugs : [\#243](https://github.com/AY2223S2-CS2103T-W15-1/tp/pull/153)




