docs/UserGuide.md, before:

---
layout: page
title: User Guide
---

Fast Army Internal Lookup System (FAILS) is a **desktop app for managing the personal information of military personnel, optimized for use via a Command Line Interface** (CLI) while still having the benefits of a Graphical User Interface (GUI). If you can type fast, FAILS can get your contact management tasks done faster than traditional GUI apps.

<!-- omit from toc -->
## Table of Contents

- [Quick start](#quick-start)
- [Features](#features)
  - [Viewing help : `help`](#viewing-help--help)
  - [Adding a person: `add`](#adding-a-person-add)
  - [Listing all persons : `list`](#listing-all-persons--list)
  - [Editing a person : `edit`](#editing-a-person--edit)
  - [Locating persons by name: `find`](#locating-persons-by-name-find)
  - [Deleting a person : `delete`](#deleting-a-person--delete)
  - [Clearing all entries : `clear`](#clearing-all-entries--clear)
  - [Exiting the program : `exit`](#exiting-the-program--exit)
  - [Saving the data](#saving-the-data)
  - [Editing the data file](#editing-the-data-file)
  - [Archiving data files `[coming in v2.0]`](#archiving-data-files-coming-in-v20)
- [FAQ](#faq)
- [Command summary](#command-summary)

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

## Quick start

1. Ensure you have Java `11` or above installed in your Computer.

1. Download the latest `fails.jar` from [~~here~~](https://github.com/AY2223S2-CS2103T-W10-3/tp/releases) (*coming soon*).

1. Copy the file to the folder you want to use as the *home folder* for your FAILS.

1. Open a command terminal, `cd` into the folder you put the jar file in, and use the `java -jar fails.jar` command to run the application.<br>
  A GUI similar to the below should appear in a few seconds. Note how the app contains some sample data.<br>
  ![Ui](images/Ui.png)

1. Type the command in the command box and press Enter to execute it. e.g. typing **`help`** and pressing Enter will open the help window.<br>
  Some example commands you can try:

    - `list` : Lists all contacts.

    - `add n/Jaden Ng p/91297723 e/jadend@gmail.com a/Smith street, block 13, #07-04 r/3SG u/alpha c/SIR pl/4` adds a new person `Jaden Ng` to the FAILS with the following information:

      | Field        | Value                          |
      |--------------|--------------------------------|
      | name         | Jaden Ng                       |
      | phone number | 91297723                       |
      | email        | jadend@gmail.com               |
      | address      | Smith street, block 13, #07-04 |
      | rank         | 3SG                            |
      | unit         | alpha                          |
      | company      | SIR                            |
      | platoon      | 4                              |

    - `delete 3` : Deletes the 3rd contact shown in the current list.

    - `clear` : Deletes all contacts.

    - `exit` : Exits the app.

1. Refer to the [Features](#features) below for details of each command.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

## Features

<div markdown="block" class="alert alert-info">

**:information_source: Notes about the command format:**

- Words in `UPPER_CASE` are the parameters to be supplied by the user.<br>
  e.g. in `add n/NAME`, `NAME` is a parameter which can be used as `add n/John Doe`.

- Items in square brackets are optional.<br>
  e.g `n/NAME [t/TAG]` can be used as `n/John Doe t/friend` or as `n/John Doe`.

- Items with `…` after them can be used multiple times including zero times.<br>
  e.g. `[t/TAG]…​` can be used as <code>&nbsp;</code> (i.e. 0 times), `t/friend`, `t/friend t/family` etc.

- Parameters can be in any order.<br>
  e.g. if the command specifies `n/NAME p/PHONE_NUMBER`, `p/PHONE_NUMBER n/NAME` is also acceptable.

- If a parameter is expected only once in the command but you specified it multiple times, only the last occurrence of the parameter will be taken.<br>
  e.g. if you specify `p/12341234 p/56785678`, only `p/56785678` will be taken.

- Extraneous parameters for commands that do not take in parameters (such as `help`, `list`, `exit` and `clear`) will be ignored.<br>
  e.g. if the command specifies `help 123`, it will be interpreted as `help`.

</div>

### Viewing help : `help`

Shows a message explaining how to access the help page.

<!-- ![help message](images/helpMessage.png) -->

Format: `help`

### Adding a person: `add`

Adds a person to the FAILS.

Format: `add n/NAME p/PHONE_NUMBER e/EMAIL a/ADDRESS [t/TAG]…​ r/RANK [u/UNIT] [c/COMPANY] [pl/PLATOON]`

<div markdown="span" class="alert alert-primary">

:bulb: **Tip:** A person can have any number of tags (including 0)

</div>

Examples:

- `add n/Jaden Ng p/91297723 e/jadend@gmail.com a/Smith street, block 13, #07-04 r/3SG u/alpha c/SIR pl/4` adds a new person `Jaden Ng` to the FAILS with the following information:

  | Field        | Value                          |
  |--------------|--------------------------------|
  | name         | Jaden Ng                       |
  | phone number | 91297723                       |
  | email        | jadend@gmail.com               |
  | address      | Smith street, block 13, #07-04 |
  | rank         | 3SG                            |
  | unit         | alpha                          |
  | company      | SIR                            |
  | platoon      | 4                              |

- `add n/Lawrence Tay t/platoon-leader e/lawrencetay@gmail.com a/124 Drummond Street p/91649723 r/3SG u/801 t/allergy-seafood` adds a new person `Lawrence Tay` to the FAILS with the following information:

  | Field        | Value                  |
  |--------------|------------------------|
  | name         | Lawrence Tay           |
  | phone number | 91649723               |
  | email        | lawrencetay@gmail.com  |
  | address      | 124 Drummond Street    |
  | rank         | 3SG                    |
  | unit         | 801                    |
  | tag          | platoon-leader         |
  | tag          | allergy-seafood        |

### Listing all persons : `list`

Shows a list of all persons in the FAILS.

Format: `list`

### Editing a person : `edit`

Edits an existing person in the FAILS.

Format: `edit INDEX [n/NAME] [p/PHONE] [e/EMAIL] [a/ADDRESS] [t/TAG]…​`

:information_source: Note: editing a person's rank, unit, company and platoon is currently not supported.

- Edits the person at the specified `INDEX`. The index refers to the index number shown in the displayed person list. The index **must be a positive integer** 1, 2, 3, …​
- At least one of the optional fields must be provided.
- Existing values will be updated to the input values.
- When editing tags, the existing tags of the person will be removed i.e adding of tags is not cumulative.
- You can remove all the person's tags by typing `t/` without
    specifying any tags after it.

Examples:

- `edit 1 p/91234567 e/johndoe@example.com` Edits the phone number and email address of the 1st person to be `91234567` and `johndoe@example.com` respectively.
- `edit 2 n/Betsy Crower t/` Edits the name of the 2nd person to be `Betsy Crower` and clears all existing tags.

### Locating persons by name: `find`

Finds persons whose names contain any of the given keywords.

Format: `find KEYWORD [MORE_KEYWORDS]`

- The search is case-insensitive. e.g `hans` will match `Hans`
- The order of the keywords does not matter. e.g. `Hans Bo` will match `Bo Hans`
- Only the name is searched.
- Only full words will be matched e.g. `Han` will not match `Hans`
- Persons matching at least one keyword will be returned (i.e. `OR` search).
  e.g. `Hans Bo` will return `Hans Gruber`, `Bo Yang`

Examples:

- `find John` returns `john` and `John Doe`
- `find alex david` returns `Alex Yeoh`, `David Li`<br>
  ![result for 'find alex david'](images/findAlexDavidResult.png)

### Deleting a person : `delete`

Deletes the specified person from the FAILS.

Format: `delete INDEX`

- Deletes the person at the specified `INDEX`.
- The index refers to the index number shown in the displayed person list.
- The index **must be a positive integer** 1, 2, 3, …​

Examples:

- `list` followed by `delete 2` deletes the 2nd person in the FAILS.
- `find Betsy` followed by `delete 1` deletes the 1st person in the results of the `find` command.

### Clearing all entries : `clear`

Clears all entries from the FAILS.

Format: `clear`

### Exiting the program : `exit`

Exits the program.

Format: `exit`

### Saving the data

FAILS data is saved in the hard disk automatically after any command that changes the data. There is no need to save manually.

### Editing the data file

FAILS data is saved as a JSON file `[JAR file location]/data/fails.json`. Advanced users are welcome to update data directly by editing that data file.

<div markdown="span" class="alert alert-warning">

:exclamation: **Caution:** If your changes to the data file makes its format invalid, FAILS will discard all data and start with an empty data file at the next run.

</div>

### Archiving data files `[coming in v2.0]`

(*coming soon*)

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

## FAQ

**Q**: How do I transfer my data to another Computer?<br>
**A**: Install the app in the other computer and overwrite the empty data file it creates with the file that contains the data of your previous FAILS home folder.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

## Command summary

Action | Format, Examples
--------|------------------
**Add** | `add n/NAME p/PHONE_NUMBER e/EMAIL a/ADDRESS [t/TAG]… r/RANK [u/UNIT] [c/COMPANY] [pl/PLATOON]` <br> e.g., `add n/James Ho p/22224444 e/jamesho@example.com a/123, Clementi Rd, 1234665 t/friend t/colleague r/RCT u/BRAVO c/207 pl/1`
**Clear** | `clear`
**Delete** | `delete INDEX`<br> e.g., `delete 3`
**Edit** | `edit INDEX [n/NAME] [p/PHONE_NUMBER] [e/EMAIL] [a/ADDRESS] [t/TAG]…​`<br> e.g.,`edit 2 n/James Lee e/jameslee@example.com`
**Find** | `find KEYWORD [MORE_KEYWORDS]`<br> e.g., `find James Jake`
**List** | `list`
**Help** | `help`

Commit message:

Update UG to include copy command

docs/UserGuide.md, after:

---
layout: page
title: User Guide
---

Fast Army Internal Lookup System (FAILS) is a **desktop app for managing the personal information of military personnel, optimized for use via a Command Line Interface** (CLI) while still having the benefits of a Graphical User Interface (GUI). If you can type fast, FAILS can get your contact management tasks done faster than traditional GUI apps.

<!-- omit from toc -->
## Table of Contents

- [Quick start](#quick-start)
- [Features](#features)
  - [Viewing help : `help`](#viewing-help--help)
  - [Adding a person: `add`](#adding-a-person-add)
  - [Listing all persons : `list`](#listing-all-persons--list)
  - [Copy information of a person : `copy`](#copy-information-of-a-person--copy)
  - [Editing a person : `edit`](#editing-a-person--edit)
  - [Locating persons by name: `find`](#locating-persons-by-name-find)
  - [Deleting a person : `delete`](#deleting-a-person--delete)
  - [Clearing all entries : `clear`](#clearing-all-entries--clear)
  - [Exiting the program : `exit`](#exiting-the-program--exit)
  - [Saving the data](#saving-the-data)
  - [Editing the data file](#editing-the-data-file)
  - [Archiving data files `[coming in v2.0]`](#archiving-data-files-coming-in-v20)
- [FAQ](#faq)
- [Command summary](#command-summary)

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

## Quick start

1. Ensure you have Java `11` or above installed in your Computer.

1. Download the latest `fails.jar` from [~~here~~](https://github.com/AY2223S2-CS2103T-W10-3/tp/releases) (*coming soon*).

1. Copy the file to the folder you want to use as the *home folder* for your FAILS.

1. Open a command terminal, `cd` into the folder you put the jar file in, and use the `java -jar fails.jar` command to run the application.<br>
  A GUI similar to the below should appear in a few seconds. Note how the app contains some sample data.<br>
  ![Ui](images/Ui.png)

1. Type the command in the command box and press Enter to execute it. e.g. typing **`help`** and pressing Enter will open the help window.<br>
  Some example commands you can try:

    - `list` : Lists all contacts.

    - `add n/Jaden Ng p/91297723 e/jadend@gmail.com a/Smith street, block 13, #07-04 r/3SG u/alpha c/SIR pl/4` adds a new person `Jaden Ng` to the FAILS with the following information:

      | Field        | Value                          |
      |--------------|--------------------------------|
      | name         | Jaden Ng                       |
      | phone number | 91297723                       |
      | email        | jadend@gmail.com               |
      | address      | Smith street, block 13, #07-04 |
      | rank         | 3SG                            |
      | unit         | alpha                          |
      | company      | SIR                            |
      | platoon      | 4                              |

    - `delete 3` : Deletes the 3rd contact shown in the current list.

    - `clear` : Deletes all contacts.

    - `exit` : Exits the app.

1. Refer to the [Features](#features) below for details of each command.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

## Features

<div markdown="block" class="alert alert-info">

**:information_source: Notes about the command format:**

- Words in `UPPER_CASE` are the parameters to be supplied by the user.<br>
  e.g. in `add n/NAME`, `NAME` is a parameter which can be used as `add n/John Doe`.

- Items in square brackets are optional.<br>
  e.g `n/NAME [t/TAG]` can be used as `n/John Doe t/friend` or as `n/John Doe`.

- Items with `…` after them can be used multiple times including zero times.<br>
  e.g. `[t/TAG]…​` can be used as <code>&nbsp;</code> (i.e. 0 times), `t/friend`, `t/friend t/family` etc.

- Parameters can be in any order.<br>
  e.g. if the command specifies `n/NAME p/PHONE_NUMBER`, `p/PHONE_NUMBER n/NAME` is also acceptable.

- If a parameter is expected only once in the command but you specified it multiple times, only the last occurrence of the parameter will be taken.<br>
  e.g. if you specify `p/12341234 p/56785678`, only `p/56785678` will be taken.

- Extraneous parameters for commands that do not take in parameters (such as `help`, `list`, `exit` and `clear`) will be ignored.<br>
  e.g. if the command specifies `help 123`, it will be interpreted as `help`.

</div>

### Viewing help : `help`

Shows a message explaining how to access the help page.

<!-- ![help message](images/helpMessage.png) -->

Format: `help`

### Adding a person: `add`

Adds a person to the FAILS.

Format: `add n/NAME p/PHONE_NUMBER e/EMAIL a/ADDRESS [t/TAG]…​ r/RANK [u/UNIT] [c/COMPANY] [pl/PLATOON]`

<div markdown="span" class="alert alert-primary">

:bulb: **Tip:** A person can have any number of tags (including 0)

</div>

Examples:

- `add n/Jaden Ng p/91297723 e/jadend@gmail.com a/Smith street, block 13, #07-04 r/3SG u/alpha c/SIR pl/4` adds a new person `Jaden Ng` to the FAILS with the following information:

  | Field        | Value                          |
  |--------------|--------------------------------|
  | name         | Jaden Ng                       |
  | phone number | 91297723                       |
  | email        | jadend@gmail.com               |
  | address      | Smith street, block 13, #07-04 |
  | rank         | 3SG                            |
  | unit         | alpha                          |
  | company      | SIR                            |
  | platoon      | 4                              |

- `add n/Lawrence Tay t/platoon-leader e/lawrencetay@gmail.com a/124 Drummond Street p/91649723 r/3SG u/801 t/allergy-seafood` adds a new person `Lawrence Tay` to the FAILS with the following information:

  | Field        | Value                  |
  |--------------|------------------------|
  | name         | Lawrence Tay           |
  | phone number | 91649723               |
  | email        | lawrencetay@gmail.com  |
  | address      | 124 Drummond Street    |
  | rank         | 3SG                    |
  | unit         | 801                    |
  | tag          | platoon-leader         |
  | tag          | allergy-seafood        |

### Listing all persons : `list`

Shows a list of all persons in the FAILS.

Format: `list`

### Copy information of a person : `copy`

Copies the information of a person to the user's clipboard.

Format: `copy INDEX`

- Copies the information of the person at the specified `INDEX`.
- The index refers to the index number shown in the displayed person list.
- The index **must be a positive integer** 1, 2, 3, …​

Examples:

- `copy 3`

### Editing a person : `edit`

Edits an existing person in the FAILS.

Format: `edit INDEX [n/NAME] [p/PHONE] [e/EMAIL] [a/ADDRESS] [t/TAG]…​`

:information_source: Note: editing a person's rank, unit, company and platoon is currently not supported.

- Edits the person at the specified `INDEX`. The index refers to the index number shown in the displayed person list. The index **must be a positive integer** 1, 2, 3, …​
- At least one of the optional fields must be provided.
- Existing values will be updated to the input values.
- When editing tags, the existing tags of the person will be removed i.e adding of tags is not cumulative.
- You can remove all the person's tags by typing `t/` without
    specifying any tags after it.

Examples:

- `edit 1 p/91234567 e/johndoe@example.com` Edits the phone number and email address of the 1st person to be `91234567` and `johndoe@example.com` respectively.
- `edit 2 n/Betsy Crower t/` Edits the name of the 2nd person to be `Betsy Crower` and clears all existing tags.

### Locating persons by name: `find`

Finds persons whose names contain any of the given keywords.

Format: `find KEYWORD [MORE_KEYWORDS]`

- The search is case-insensitive. e.g `hans` will match `Hans`
- The order of the keywords does not matter. e.g. `Hans Bo` will match `Bo Hans`
- Only the name is searched.
- Only full words will be matched e.g. `Han` will not match `Hans`
- Persons matching at least one keyword will be returned (i.e. `OR` search).
  e.g. `Hans Bo` will return `Hans Gruber`, `Bo Yang`

Examples:

- `find John` returns `john` and `John Doe`
- `find alex david` returns `Alex Yeoh`, `David Li`<br>
  ![result for 'find alex david'](images/findAlexDavidResult.png)

### Deleting a person : `delete`

Deletes the specified person from the FAILS.

Format: `delete INDEX`

- Deletes the person at the specified `INDEX`.
- The index refers to the index number shown in the displayed person list.
- The index **must be a positive integer** 1, 2, 3, …​

Examples:

- `list` followed by `delete 2` deletes the 2nd person in the FAILS.
- `find Betsy` followed by `delete 1` deletes the 1st person in the results of the `find` command.

### Clearing all entries : `clear`

Clears all entries from the FAILS.

Format: `clear`

### Exiting the program : `exit`

Exits the program.

Format: `exit`

### Saving the data

FAILS data is saved in the hard disk automatically after any command that changes the data. There is no need to save manually.

### Editing the data file

FAILS data is saved as a JSON file `[JAR file location]/data/fails.json`. Advanced users are welcome to update data directly by editing that data file.

<div markdown="span" class="alert alert-warning">

:exclamation: **Caution:** If your changes to the data file makes its format invalid, FAILS will discard all data and start with an empty data file at the next run.

</div>

### Archiving data files `[coming in v2.0]`

(*coming soon*)

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

## FAQ

**Q**: How do I transfer my data to another Computer?<br>
**A**: Install the app in the other computer and overwrite the empty data file it creates with the file that contains the data of your previous FAILS home folder.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

## Command summary

Action | Format, Examples
--------|------------------
**Add** | `add n/NAME p/PHONE_NUMBER e/EMAIL a/ADDRESS [t/TAG]… r/RANK [u/UNIT] [c/COMPANY] [pl/PLATOON]` <br> e.g., `add n/James Ho p/22224444 e/jamesho@example.com a/123, Clementi Rd, 1234665 t/friend t/colleague r/RCT u/BRAVO c/207 pl/1`
**Clear** | `clear`
**Copy** | `copy INDEX`<br> e.g., `copy 1`
**Delete** | `delete INDEX`<br> e.g., `delete 3`
**Edit** | `edit INDEX [n/NAME] [p/PHONE_NUMBER] [e/EMAIL] [a/ADDRESS] [t/TAG]…​`<br> e.g.,`edit 2 n/James Lee e/jameslee@example.com`
**Find** | `find KEYWORD [MORE_KEYWORDS]`<br> e.g., `find James Jake`
**List** | `list`
**Help** | `help`
