## Table of contents

1. Overview
2. How to use this guide
3. Getting started
4. Feature list
5. Command summary
6. Trouble shooting/FAQ
7. Additional information

---

## Overview

HMHero is a tool that helps Hiring Managers easily track the statuses of candidates' applications.

In a conventional application cycle, the large influx of applicants makes it challenging for Hiring Managers to track and monitor the progress of each applicant. This application includes features such as quick searching of applicants, algorithm to prioritize applicants according to their strengths and tabs on every applicant's application status.

---

## How to use this User Guide

Thank you for choosing HMHero! We believe that our product will be of use in the journey of your company's growth.

<div markdown="span" class="alert alert-info" role="alert">:information_source: **Note:** 
We highly recommend that you read through this User Guide in **sequential order** to get a thorough understanding 
of how to use HMHero. 
</div>

If you are a **new user**, and you have not installed HMHero yet, head over to the [Installation](#installation)
section.

Once HMHero is installed, you can find the necessary information to get started in the [Quick Start](#quick-start)
section!

If you are an **experienced user**, you may head over to the [Command Summary](#command-summary) to get a quick overview
of all the commands available in HMHero!

If you are stuck, please refer to the section on [Troubleshooting](#troubleshooting) or [FAQ](#faq).

You can also refer to the [Glossary](#glossary) for definitions of commonly used terminologies in HMHero.

<div markdown="span" class="alert alert-success" role="alert">:bulb: **Tip:** 
To aid in your navigation, we have included the a [Back to Table of Contents](#table-of-contents) link in every
sub-section in this User Guide so that it is easy for you to jump across different sections!
</div>

<div markdown="span" class="alert alert-success" role="alert">:bulb: **Tip:** 
This User Guide contains many clickable links for you to navigate around different sections. 
You may use the keyboard shortcuts <code>Alt + Left arrow`</code>  and <code>`Alt + Right arrow`</code> 
to navigate back and forth between the links quickly. (<code>`Command + Left arrow`</code> and 
<code>`Command + Right arrow`</code> if you are using Mac).
</div>

[Back to Table of Contents](#table-of-contents)

### Admonition Boxes

In this guide, you will often come across colored boxes containing text that will aid you in better understanding
how to use each feature.

<div markdown="span" class="alert alert-info" role="alert">:information_source: **Note:** 
Highlight and display information you should pay attention to. </div>


<div markdown="span" class="alert alert-success" role="alert">:bulb: **Tip:** 
Highlight tips which you might find useful. </div>


<div markdown="span" class="alert alert-danger" role="alert">:exclamation: **Caution:** 
Highlight dangers and things to look out for. </div>

[Back to Table of Contents](#table-of-contents)

### Miscellaneous Notations

Other than the icons mentioned above, there are also some other notations used in this guide:

- <a href> Phrases underlined in blue </a> are hyperlinks that will bring you to another part of this documentation that is relevant to the phrase.

[Back to Table of Contents](#table-of-contents)

---

## Getting started

1. Ensure you have `Java 11` or above installed in your computer
2. Download the latest `HMHero` from [here](https://github.com/AY2223S2-CS2103T-W14-4/tp/releases).
3. Copy the file to an empty folder. This folder is where all the information needed for the HMHero application 
will reside in.

<div markdown="span" class="alert alert-danger" role="alert">:exclamation: **Caution:**
Ensure that the file is added to an empty folder as additional data and configuartion files will be created when HMHero 
is launched for the first time in your computer!
</div>

4. Double-click on the jar file to launch HMHero.
5. A GUI similar to the one below should appear in a few seconds. Note how the app contains some sample data.
   
**(To Insert Picture of Launch Screen)**

<div markdown="span" class="alert alert-danger" role="alert">:exclamation: **Caution:**
You will notice that a folder called "data" would have been created in the same folder as <code>hmhero.jar</code>.
Do not edit this file because doing so might result in a corruption of your data, causing the application to fail!
</div>

6. Not sure where to start? The following section on [Quick Start](#quick-start) is a tutorial on how to use HMHero
after you have launched it for the first time. Feel free to skip to the next section on [Command](#command) if you
are already familiar with the application!

[Back to Table of Contents](#table-of-contents)

---

## Features

| Note                                                                                                                                                                                                                               |
| ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Words in UPPER_CASE are the parameters to be supplied by the user.<br>e.g. in `add n/NAME`, `NAME` is a parameter which can be used as `add n/John Doe`.                                                                           |
| Items in square brackets are optional.<br>e.g. `n/NAME [t/TAG]` can be used as `n/John Doe t/friend` or as `n/John Doe`.                                                                                                           |
| Items with `…​` after them can be used multiple times including zero times.<br>e.g. `[t/TAG]…​` can be used as ` `, `t/friend`, `t/friend t/family` etc.                                                                           |
| Parameters can be in any order.<br>e.g. if the command specifies `n/NAME p/PHONE_NUMBER`, `p/PHONE_NUMBER n/NAME` is also acceptable.                                                                                              |
| If a parameter is expected only once in the command but you specified it multiple times, only the last occurrence of the parameter will be taken.<br>e.g. if you specify `p/12341234 p/56785678`, only `p/56785678` will be taken. |
| Extraneous parameters for commands that do not take in parameters (such as `help`, `list`, `exit` and `clear`) will be ignored.<br>e.g. if the command specifies `help 123`, it will be interpreted as `help`.                     |

---
// Additional features: can list out the tag(skillset) of the applicants.
### **Command**

### 1. Viewing help: `help`

- Format: `help`

### 2. Adding a person: `add`

- Format: `add n/NAME p/PHONE_NUMBER e/EMAIL a/ADDRESS [note/NOTES]`

- Examples: `add n/Jack Dill p/91234567 e/jackdill@example.com a/John Street, block 123 #01-01`

### 3. List applicant: `list`

- Format: `list`

### 4. Delete applicants: `delete`

- Format: `delete n/NAME p/PHONE_NUMBER`

- Examples:
    - `delete n/Jack Dill p/PHONE_NUMBER`

### 5. Advancing an applicant's status: `advance`

- Applied -> Shortlisted
- Shortlisted -> Accepted

Shortlists a candidate

- Format: `advance n/NAME p/PHONE_NUMBER`

- Examples:
    - `advance n/Jack Dill p/91234567`

### 6. Rejecting an applicant: `reject`

- Shortlisted -> Rejected
- Applied -> Rejected

Rejects a candidate or interviewee

- Format: `reject n/NAME p/PHONE_NUMBER`

- Examples:
    - `reject n/Jack Dill p/91234567`

### 7. Find an applicant: `find`

Find applicants using keywords (name OR phone number OR both)

- Format:
  - Format 1: `find NAME or PHONE NUMBER` (only need to provide either one)
  - Format 2: `find n/NAME p/PHONE NUMBER` (must provide both)
- Example: 
  - Example 1: `find Jack Dill`, `find 91234567`
  - Example 2: `find n/Jack Dill p/91234567`

---

## Command Summary

| Action  | Format, Examples                                                                                                                                                        |
| ------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Add     | `add n/NAME p/PHONE_NUMBER e/EMAIL a/ADDRESS [note/NOTES]…`<br>Example: `add n/James Ho p/91234567 e/jamesho@example.com a/123, Clementi Rd, 1234665 note/Entrepreneur` |
| Delete  | `delete n/NAME p/PHONE_NUMBER`<br>Example: `delete n/James Ho p/91234567`                                                                                               |
| Edit    | `edit INDEX [n/NAME] [p/PHONE_NUMBER] [e/EMAIL] [a/ADDRESS] [t/TAG]…`<br>Example: `edit 2 n/James Lee e/jameslee@example.com`                                           |
| List    | `list`                                                                                                                                                                  |
| Help    | `help`                                                                                                                                                                  |
| Advance | `advance n/NAME p/PHONE_NUMBER`<br>Example: `advance n/James Ho p/91234567`                                                                                             |

---

## Troubleshooting

**Problem:**

The JAR file not launching even after double-clicking the file.

**Solution:**

1. Open your terminal
* Windows:
    * The default key combination to launch your terminal is <kbd>Ctrl</kbd>+<kbd>Shift</kbd>+<kbd>P</kbd>
* Mac:
    * Use <kbd>Cmd</kbd>+<kbd>Space</kbd> to open Spotlight Search
    * Search for "terminal" and click it to launch.
2. Navigate to the location where "hmhero.jar" is stored within your terminal using `cd`. For example, `cd Downloads/`
3. On your terminal, run `java -jar hmhero.jar`

**Problem:**

The JAR file not launching in Windows Subsystem for Linux (WSL).

<div markdown="span" class="alert alert-info" role="alert">:information_source: **Note:** 
WSL does not support GUI applications by default. 
</div>

**Solution:**

1. Our recommendation is to run HMHero application on Windows and not on WSL.

**Problem:**

Unable to exit/save HMHero to data file

**Solution:**

1. This error is due to `hmhero.jar` being started in a protected folder. (Examples of write-protected folders include`C:\WINDOWS\System32` in windows and the `/etc` dir in linux) <br> Please move the `hmhero.jar` file into another folder in your computer and start HMHero application from that folder.

---

## FAQ

### Q: If I do not have Java 11, how do I install it on my computer? <br>
**A:** You can navigate to this site [here](https://docs.oracle.com/en/java/javase/11/install/overview-jdk-installation.html) and download Java 11 according to your system’s specifications.

### Q: Do I need an internet connection to run HMHero? <br>
**A:** No, HMHero can boot up and run all functionalities without an internet connection.

### Q: Can I use HMHero on my mobile device?<br>
**A:** Unfortunately, HMHero is only designed to run on your desktop/laptop such that you can use the command line interface.

### Q: How do I transfer my data to another computer?<br>
**A:** Install HMHero on the other computer and overwrite the empty data file with the data file created by HMHero in your current computer.

---
## Acknowledgements


HMHero is a brownfield software engineering project based off [AddressBook Level-3](https://nus-cs2103-ay2223s2.github.io/tp/), taken under the [CS2103T Software Engineering](https://nus-cs2103-ay2223s2.github.io/website/admin/index.html) held by School of Computing at National University of Singapore.

Java dependencies:
* [JavaFX](https://openjfx.io/) for Graphical User Interface
* [JUnit5](https://github.com/junit-team/junit5) for testing
* [Jackson](https://github.com/FasterXML/jackson) for JSON-related operations

Documentation dependencies:
* [PlantUML](https://plantuml.com/) for creating UML diagrams

---

## Glossary
### A
> #### ADDRESS (Placeholder)
> The ADDRESS is a text representing the address of the applicants.
> #### Address
> The address of the applicant provided by the user.
> #### Admonitions
> Admonition boxes (or simply “admonitions”) are coloured boxes containing highlighted pieces of text.
> #### Applicant
> The person who apply to the company for the job.
> #### Application Stage
> All applicants added are at the Applied status by default. From there, hiring managers can advance their application status to Shortlisted, then to Accepted. Applicants can be rejected at any stage excepted for Accepted.

### C
> #### COMMAND_WORD (Placeholder)
> The COMMAND_WORD is a text indicating a command word of a command
> #### Command
> A feature or function that HMHero can perform.
> #### Command Line (CLI)
> The typing interface that you use to interact with HMHero. It is represented as the box where you type in commands.
### E
> #### EMAIL (Placeholder)
> The EMAIL is a text representing the email address of the applicants.
> #### Email
> The email address of the applicant provided by the user.
### F
> #### Flags
> A marker to identify the type of input by the user. For instance, in `n/NAME`, `n/` is the flag.
### G
> #### Graphical User Interface(GUI)
> A Graphical User Interface is a graphics-based interface that uses icons, menus and a mouse (to click on the icon or pull down the menus) to manage interaction with the system. In HMHero, this presents as the window that appears when launching it.
### H
> #### Help Window
> A pop-up window containing help information, shown only after calling a <kbd>help</kbd> command.
> #### Hiring Manager
> A person responsible for overseeing the recruitment process within an organization, from identifying staffing needs to making hiring decisions.
### I
> #### Input
> The text that a user would enter into HMHero
> #### INTERVIEW_DATE (Placeholder)
> The INTERVIEW_DATE is the date indicating when the applicant is having his/her interview.
> #### Interview Date
> Date where applicants are going to have their interviews. Interview date is in the format "day-month-year hour:minute", represented in the "DD-MM-YYYY HH:MM" format.
### K
> #### KEYWORD (Placeholder)
> The KEYWORD is the text we use search for an item. It can be `NAME` or `PHONE_NUMBER` of the applicant.
### N
> #### NAME (Placeholder)
> The NAME is a text representing the name of the applicants.
> #### Name
> The name of the applicant provided by the user.
> #### NOTES (Placeholder)
> The NOTES are some texts that use to represent the skill set of the applicants.
> #### Notes
> The skill set the applicant possesses provided by the user.
### O
> #### Operating System (OS)
> Is a software program that manages computer hardware and software resources, and provides common services for computer programs to run and interact with the computer hardware.
> #### Output
> The result after calling a Command. Results are displayed in the GUI.
### P
> #### Parameter
> Values that are passed while calling the Commands. For instance, when calling `find n/NAME`, parameter here is `n/NAME`.
> #### PHONE_NUMBER (Placeholder)
> The PHONE_NUMBER is an integer representing the phone number of the applicant.
> #### Phone Number
> The phone number of the applicant provided by the user.
> #### Placeholder
> Placeholders in HMHero refers to the UPPER_CASE words that appear after the flags in commands that is provided by the user. For instance, `n/NAME`, `NAME` is a placeholder
### S
> #### STATUS (Placeholder)
> The STATUS is a text that represent the current state of the applicant.
> #### Status
> Status has four stages, which are APPLIED, SHORTLISTED, ACCEPTED and REJECTED. Status can only be modified by using <kbd>advance</kbd> or <kbd>reject</kbd> command.
> #### Syntax
> The structure of statements/inputs users type into the Command Line.
### U
> #### URL
> A hyperlink to a website.

